Having spent some time working around [issues with Amazon Kinesis Analytics][issues],
I wanted to report them to AWS and hope for fixes.

[issues]: 2016-10-11-kinesis-analytics-issues.md

Right away from AWS Console I clicked on Support menu and went to Support
Center. Just to find that our account doesn't include _Technical Support_. OK,
there is a link to public Discussion Forums right from that page.

Attempt to post was interrupted with nickname and email form. Fill in, send and
_Welcome, irnc_. I assumed that now I could post, written message, clicked
Post... but now _red error_ showed up saying _Your account is not ready for
posting messages yet. Please try again later._

Email confirmation pending? No, there was no email messages, even in Spam
folder. I wanted to check that email address entered was correct, but there is
no profile page to check that. I mean there is _Your Stuff_ page and _Your
Profile_ section on it, but it says _Email: (Hidden - NA)_.

Maybe _Edit_ username would help? Yes! There is email field on edit username
page with `NA` value in it. Ok, I filled in valid email address, double checked
it and clicked on _Save and continue_. Now I am at main page... with no
indication on what happened and what to do next, should I wait for email
confirmation message? Who cares.

Returning to _Your Stuff_ now I see my email address instead of `NA`, but I
still couldn't post message to forum, and there is no email confirmation
message waiting for my action.

I am glad that there is a _Save Now_ button which allows to save message as a
draft. At least it isn't lost.

---

Should I reach for support regarding _Your account is not ready for posting
messages yet. Please try again later._? Why not :) I created a new case, but
soon after that, message got posted, so case was closed by me prior to any
communication on the reasons on why account is not ready for posting.

There was no email confirmation. Just some internal aspect of Discussion
Forums.

---

First message was posted, but because I found multiple issues, I attempted to
create second message right away. No luck, _red error_ appeared again, that
time saying _Your message quota has been reached. Please try again later._

When should I _try again_? No hints, no documentation, no FAQ. It seems that I
should wait the whole day (according to user reports). [No one][no-support]
cares. No one [other then customers][struggle].

Should I expect different attitude regarding customer support after paying
$29/month for Developer Support Plan? Or should I buy Enterprise plan right
away?

[no-support]: https://forums.aws.amazon.com/message.jspa?messageID=697785
[struggle]: https://twitter.com/vaijab/status/635815274382540800

---

While AWS services are just amazing, experience of a _low-paying customer_
definitely needs more love.
